Minor: Add conversation summaries events to online documentation. RD-32532 (#264)
ringcentral/engage-digital-api-docs: docs/webhooks/events.md

`deferred_at` | String | The date when the intervention was deferred
`custom_field_values` | Custom field Object | It gives the custom fields linked to the object

### Intervention Segments

#### Resource Types

Type | Description
-----|------------
`intervention_segment.generated` | When an intervention segment is generated

> `intervention_segment.submitted` | When a request for a summary of an intervention segment is submitted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`intervention_segment.summary_generated` | When a conversation summary is generated for an intervention segment
`intervention_segment.summary_submitted` | When a conversation summary is submitted by an agent
```

> `intervention_segment.summary_generation_failed` | When a request for a summary of an intervention segment failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`intervention_segment.summary_generation_failed` | When an error occurred during the conversation summary generation
```
